fix: Remove unrelated code blocks (#21423)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/javascript_basics/index.md

});
```

> There are a number of ways to attach an event handler to an element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of ways to attach an event handler to an element.
```

There are many ways to attach an event handler to an element. Here we select the {{htmlelement("html")}} element. We then call its [`addEventListener()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) function, passing in the name of the event to listen to (`'click'`) and a function to run when the event happens.

> The functions we just passed to `addEventListener()` here are called _anonymous functions_, because they don't have a name. There's an alternative way of writing anonymous functions, which we call an _arrow function_. An arrow function uses `() =>` instead of `function ()`:

Reviewer: Completely agree - not helpful. 

But we need to tidy the end bit.

```suggestion
The function we just passed to `addEventListener()` here is called an _anonymous function_, because it doesn't have a name. There's an alternative way of writing anonymous functions, which we call an _arrow function_.
An arrow function uses `() =>` instead of `function ()`:
```

> There are many ways to attach an event handler to an element. Here we select the {{htmlelement("html")}} element. We then call its [`addEventListener()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) function, passing in the name of the event to listen to (`'click'`) and a function to run when the event happens.

Reviewer: Just a slight improvement here - stating that there are many ways is a bit of a stretch. If I had more time I'd restructure this section.

```suggestion
There are a number of ways to attach an event handler to an element. 
Here we select the {{htmlelement("html")}} element. We then call its [`addEventListener()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener) function, passing in the name of the event to listen to (`'click'`) and a function to run when the event happens.
```
